= optr

github :: https://www.github.com/carlosjhr64/otpr
rubygems :: https://rubygems.org/gems/otpr

Warning: I've not published this "version 2" on rubygems yet, and
the code is still changing.  So in a sense, it's not really version 2 yet...
If you use any git snapshot of this prior to it being published on rubygems,
the files you generate with it will very likely
not work with the eventually published version.

== DESCRIPTION:

Use short pins to access your long passwords.

== FEATURES:

* Passwords only accessable when removable media is present.
* Passwords are double encripted: once based on your salted pin, and once again by key in removable media.
* Automatically changes keys (re-encripts) on request.

== HELP:

   Long passwords from short pins.
   Usage: otpr [options]
   Options:
     -v --version
     -h --help
     Actions:
     -c --create  Create a new pin-password pair.
     -r --read    Read a pin's password.
     -u --update  Update a pin with a new password.
     -d --delete  Delete a pin-password pair.
     -s --status  Status of a pin (exists?).
     -C --copy    Copy pin content to a new pin.
     -M --move    Move pin content to a new pin.
     --erase      Deletes all pins.
     --regen-all  Re-encripts all pads.
     --remove-unpaired
     --remove-unpaired-keys
     --remove-unpaired-files
     Modifiers:
     -R --random  Create a random password.
     -b --batch   Turns off interactive mode.
     -l --clear   Clears screen after pin entries.
     -g --regen   Re-encripts pad.
     -e --echo --no-echo.
     -w --overwrite --no-overwrite.
     -P --pin-validation --no-pin-validation
     -S --secret-validation --no-secret-validation
     Where is the flash drive?:
     --media='/removable-media-directory/'
   More help: gem man otpr

== INSTALL:

   $ sudo gem install otpr

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2014 CarlosJHR64

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
